3 Notre Dame's most recent[when?]

2 When The Guardian named her Artist of the Decade, Llewyn-Smith wrote, "Why Beyoncé?

3 Is she really a woman?"

1 The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess (Japanese: ゼルダの伝説 トワイライトプリンセス, Hepburn: Zeruda no Densetsu: Towairaito Purinsesu?)

4 Johnson notes that even in Scout and Jem's childhood world, compromises and treaties are struck with each other by spitting on one's palm and laws are discussed by Atticus and his children: is it right that Bob Ewell hunts and traps out of season?

2 The film's producer, Alan J. Pakula, remembered Universal Pictures executives questioning him about a potential script: "They said, 'What story do you plan to tell for the film?'

3 I said, 'Have you read the book?'

1 Relationships between religious groups are generally amicable, although there is some concern among mainstream Muslim leaders[who?]

6 Numbers of large mosques appropriate for Friday prayers are limited and some[who?]

2 The kind of issues addressed and implications for the approach simply involve pondering why, if a key development goal is to alleviate poverty, is poverty increasing?

3 Why is there such a gap between plans and outcomes?

4 Why are those working in development so willing to disregard history and the lessons it might offer?

5 Why is development so externally driven rather than having an internal basis?

6 In short why does so much planned development fail?

3 These powers are often compared[by whom?]

4 [original research?]

3 Growing up in the city,[which?]

5 In "Famous," a track from his 2016 album The Life of Pablo, West implies that this incident led to Swift's stardom, rapping, "I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex/ Why?

2 In his acceptance speech, he stated, "Y'all might be thinking right now, 'I wonder did he smoke something before he came out here?'

3 West then says, "I told you don't talk to me, right?

3 Vietnam is involved in a territorial dispute with China (and other countries) for sovereignty of the Spratly and Paracel Islands; tensions have risen recently[when?]

7 Onlookers were saying "Aren't you Chinese?"

11 Several onlookers heckled Chan, shouting "What kind of Chinese are you?"

14 Chan is currently[when?]

3 The Telegraph also asked its readers to send their views in response to the question "Is the West demonising China?"

1 This work has been pioneered by John B. Cobb, Jr., whose book Is It Too Late?

3 Hartshorne points out that people would not praise a human ruler who was unaffected by either the joys or sorrows of his followers – so why would this be a praise-worthy quality in God?

2 In that paper, "Has Financial Development Made the World Riskier?

6 What kind of attitude is this to blame their own students?

9 The aspects of this debate can follow the following lines: • To what degree is technology defined as a concept?

10 • What is the scope of technology discourse?

11 • What is the place and relation of science with technology?

12 • How useful is the Mitcham framework in thinking about technology in South Africa?

13 • Can a measure of cooperation as opposed to competition be achieved amongst higher education institutions?

14 • Who ultimately is responsible for vocational training and what is the role of technology in this?

1 In Japan, an institute of technology (工業大学, kōgyō daigaku?)

1 It is said[by whom?]

3 How are you?

4 Do you remember me, Jasmine Bligh?'.

6 [unreliable source?]

8 [original research?]

2 [original research?]

2 BBC Scotland produces daily programmes for its Gaelic-speaking viewers, including current affairs, political and children's programming such as the popular Eòrpa and Dè a-nis?.

4 Schwarzenegger had been hired to provide color commentary for network television, when he announced at the eleventh hour that while he was there: "Why not compete?"

6 Why would I go away from that and jump into something else?"

2 When asked in 2014 "Of all the things you are famous for … which are you least proud of?

7 Schwarzenegger retaliated by placing a pillow stitched with the words "Need a lift?"

2 [a] The basic proposition of these two categories pertains to the nature of reality, and the primary distinction between them is the way they answer two fundamental questions: "what does reality consist of?"

3 and "how does it originate?"

2 Is there a single kind of matter (hyle) which everything is made of, or multiple kinds?

3 Is matter a continuous substance capable of expressing multiple forms (hylomorphism), or a number of discrete, unchanging constituents (atomism)?

4 Does it have intrinsic properties (substance theory), or is it lacking them (prima materia)?

4 Likewise, some philosophers[which?]

4 Goddard?

2 In ancient times, in the first centuries after the birth of Christ, when this region was called[by whom?]

9 Also in some contexts the term "cossack" (козак, казак - free man by the will of God) was used[by whom?]

7 [by whom?]

3 With little convincing, visitors believed his dog could articulate "How are you grandma?"

1 In recent years[when?

4 According to legend,[which?]

1 In recent years,[when?]

3 While the definition itself is fairly precise, the data aggregated into the Worldwide Governance Indicators is based on any available polling: questions range from "is corruption a serious problem?"

2 The significance of the political factors in any attempt at answering the question "what is a language?"

2 Drawing from such concepts as the international scientific vocabulary and Standard Average European, linguists[who?]

2 Musicologist Marcia Citron has asked "[w]hy is music composed by women so marginal to the standard 'classical' repertoire?"

2 Notable examples are Walt Disney's Fantasia, Tom and Jerry's Johann Mouse, and Warner Bros.' Rabbit of Seville and What's Opera, Doc?.

2 The Guildhall has seen concerts from a wide range of popular artists including Pink Floyd, David Bowie, Delirious?, Manic Street Preachers, The Killers, The Kaiser Chiefs, Amy Winehouse, Lostprophets, The Midnight Beast, Modestep, and All Time Low.

18 Virgil is credited[by whom?]

2 A National Audit Office report reveals that the helicopters have been stored in air conditioned hangars in Britain since their 2001[why?]

5 An ALU may also compare numbers and return boolean truth values (true or false) depending on whether one is equal to, greater than or less than the other ("is 64 greater than 65?

5 [original research?]

9 [original research?]

11 [original research?]

15 "[b][improper synthesis?]

4 [original research?]

2 The Bible also notes migrations, as in the Book of Job (39:26), where the inquiry is made: "Is it by your insight that the hawk hovers, spreads its wings southward?"

1 Deep house's origins can be traced to Chicago producer Mr Fingers's relatively jazzy, soulful recordings "Mystery of Love" (1985) and "Can You Feel It?"

2 How should one describe the identity of another, in ways which encompass both their idiosyncratic qualities and their group memberships or identifications, both of which can shift according to circumstance?

1 The "Neo-Eriksonian" identity status paradigm emerged in later years[when?

1 The implications are multiple as various research traditions are now[when?]

3 Where everyone agree that an improvement on cybersecurity is more than vital, is the government the best actor to solve this issue?

5 Scholars[who?]

2 Many historians[who?]

2 They include Magda B. Arnold (1903–2002), an American psychologist who developed the appraisal theory of emotions; Richard Lazarus (1922–2002), an American psychologist who specialized in emotion and stress, especially in relation to cognition; Herbert A. Simon (1916–2001), who included emotions into decision making and artificial intelligence; Robert Plutchik (1928–2006), an American psychologist who developed a psychoevolutionary theory of emotion; Robert Zajonc (1923–2008) a Polish–American social psychologist who specialized in social and cognitive processes such as social facilitation; Robert C. Solomon (1942–2007), an American philosopher who contributed to the theories on the philosophy of emotions with books such as What Is An Emotion?

2 Critics[who?]

7 Tensions between the other band members and lead singer Axl Rose continued after the release of the 1993 covers album The Spaghetti Incident?

7 An important question is, "do invasive species cause extinctions?"

11 The /?

1 Some researchers are now focusing on learning about how adolescents view their own relationships and sexuality; they want to move away from a research point of view that focuses on the problems associated with adolescent sexuality.[why?]

1 Between 1836 and 1842 Victorian Aboriginal groups were largely dispossessed[by whom?]

4 However, after 10 years[when?]

4 If current developments continue, some[who?]

2 In these sessions they have answered questions as fundamental as, "What are human rights?

3 ", "Who determines what are human rights?

4 ", and "What should take precedence, human or communal rights?"

2 From Immanuel Kant's 1784 essay "Beantwortung der Frage: Was ist Aufklärung?"

3 ("Answering the Question: What is Enlightenment?")

2 The NTSB cites this as contributing to many accidents[unreliable medical source?]

3 [unreliable source?]

1 In the paper "Who's Gay?

2 Does It Matter?

3 Dell Inc. has invested[when?]

3 Fortune said there was a lot for Dell to like in EMC's portfolio, but "does it all add up enough to justify tens of billions of dollars for the entire package?

6 EMF2 (previously a Wang facility, later occupied by Flextronics, situated in Castletroy) closed in 2002,[citation needed] and Dell Inc. has consolidated production into EMF3 (EMF1 now[when?]

6 [original research?]

2 It was initially released in Japan as the Family Computer (Japanese: ファミリーコンピュータ, Hepburn: Famirī Konpyūta?)

3 (also known by the portmanteau abbreviation Famicom (ファミコン, Famikon?)

3 Because HVC-101 used composite video output instead of being RF only like the HVC-001, Nintendo marketed the newer model as the AV Famicom (AV仕様ファミコン, Eibui Shiyō Famikon?).

7 Who then has lost more, or who possesses more?

8 He who holds the place, or he who holds the Faith?

6 The researchers found that the people who were asked, "How fast were the cars going when they smashed into each other?"

7 gave higher estimates than those who were asked, "How fast were the cars going when they hit each other?"

2 Typical questions are: "Shouldn't Americans say that a person who is passing as white is white, or nearly all white, and has previously been passing as black?"

3 or "To be consistent, shouldn't you say that someone who is one-eighth white is passing as black?"

1 Reacting to media criticism of Michelle Obama during the 2008 presidential election, Charles Kenzie Steele, Jr., CEO of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference said, "Why are they attacking Michelle Obama, and not really attacking, to that degree, her husband?

1 Most historians[who?]

7 [undue weight?

5 [citation needed] Modern dance in Israel is a flourishing field, and several Israeli choreographers such as Ohad Naharin, Rami Beer, Barak Marshall and many others, are considered[by whom?]

1 In 1964 Israel hosted and won the Asian Nations Cup; in 1970 the Israel national football team managed to qualify to the FIFA World Cup, which is still considered[by whom?]

5 The oldest conserved larger Dutch text is the Utrecht baptismal vow (776-800) starting with Forsachistu diobolae [...] ec forsacho diabolae (Do you forsake the devil?

1 In an interrogative main clause the usual word order is: conjugated verb followed by subject; other verbs in final position: "Kun jij je pen niet vinden?"

2 (literally "Can you your pen not find?")

3 "Can't you find your pen?

4 "In the Dutch equivalent of a wh-question the word order is: interrogative pronoun (or expression) + conjugated verb + subject; other verbs in final position: "Waarom kun jij je pen niet vinden?"

5 ("Why can you your pen not find?")

6 "Why can't you find your pen?

7 ""In a tag question the word order is the same as in a declarative clause: "Jij kunt je pen niet vinden?"

8 ("You can your pen not find?")

9 "You can't find your pen?

10 ""A subordinate clause does not change its word order: "Kun jij je pen niet vinden omdat het veel te donker is?"

11 ("Can you your pen not find because it far too dark is?")

12 "Can you not find your pen because it's too dark?""

6 For what are they giving their lives?

11 Can't you overcome some of your difficulties?"

1 New Haven was the subject of Who Governs?

2 It was founded in 1825 by Aaron Arnold (1794?-1876), an emigrant from Great Britain, as a small dry goods store on Pine Street in New York City.

3 It is the third-best-selling single of all time in the UK, surpassed only by Band Aid's "Do They Know It's Christmas?"

7 How did they know?

4 It was Kirby's artwork with its tension and psychedelia that made it perfect for the times—or was it Lee's bravado and melodrama, which was somehow insecure and brash at the same time?"

7 Madonna responded to the banning: "Why is it that people are willing to go and watch a movie about someone getting blown to bits for no reason at all, and nobody wants to see two girls kissing and two men snuggling?"

6 Hazel Blackmore and Rafael Fernández de Castro in the book ¿Qué es Estados Unidos?

2 During the general election of 1983 The Sun ran a front page featuring an unflattering photograph of Michael Foot, then aged almost 70, claiming he was unfit to be Prime Minister on grounds of his age, appearance and policies, alongside the headline "Do You Really Want This Old Fool To Run Britain?"

3 [unreliable source?]

5 [unreliable source?]

3 Although the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency was established in 1970 and amendments to the pesticide law in 1972, pesticide use has increased 50-fold since 1950 and 2.3 million tonnes (2.5 million short tons) of industrial pesticides are now[when?]

2 Why?

4 [unreliable source?]

4 Part VI, section A, question 7a of the Form 990 asks "members, stockholders, or other persons who had the power to elect or appoint one or more members of the governing body?

1 The Baltic was[when?]

6 A massive new fleet of more than 350 gunboats and mortar vessels was prepared[by whom?

1 Part of the Russian resistance was credited[by whom?]

3 Avicenna discussed the issue of a proper methodology for scientific inquiry and the question of "How does one acquire the first principles of a science?"

4 He asked how a scientist would arrive at "the initial axioms or hypotheses of a deductive science without inferring them from some more basic premises?"

3 The project team stated "Why Avicenna?

2 His Logic, Metaphysics, Physics, and De Caelo, are treatises giving a synoptic view of Aristotelian doctrine, though Metaphysics demonstrates a significant departure from the brand of Neoplatonism known as Aristotelianism in Ibn Sīnā's world; Arabic philosophers[who?

4 When Heisenberg was informed von Neumann had clarified the difference between an unbounded operator that was a Self-adjoint operator and one that was merely symmetric, Heisenberg replied "Eh?

5 What is the difference?"

3 He was quoted in 1950 remarking, "If you say why not bomb [the Soviets] tomorrow, I say, why not today?

4 If you say today at five o'clock, I say why not one o'clock?"

7 Von Neumann held on to his exemplary knowledge of Latin and quoted to a deathbed visitor the declamation "Judex ergo cum sedebit," and ends "Quid sum miser tunc dicturus?

8 Quem patronum rogaturus, Cum vix iustus sit securus?"

9 (When the judge His seat hath taken ... What shall wretched I then plead?

10 Who for me shall intercede when the righteous scarce is freed?)

1 The earliest Greek philosophers, known as the pre-Socratics, provided competing answers to the question found in the myths of their neighbors: "How did the ordered cosmos in which we live come to be?"

7 Was I wrong to participate in the invention of this field known as science studies?

8 Is it enough to say that we did not really mean what we meant?"

1 Digimon hatch from types of eggs which are called Digi-Eggs (デジタマ, Dejitama?).

3 This second type of Digi-Egg is called a Digimental (デジメンタル, Dejimentaru?)

12 The Reagan administration was opposed to the affirmative action requirements of Executive Order 11246, but these contemplated changes[which?]

1 The racial preferences debate related to admission to US colleges and universities reflects competing notions of the mission of colleges: "To what extent should they pursue scholarly excellence, to what extent civic goods, and how should these purposes be balanced?".

1 Many[who?]

1 Some scholars[who?]

1 Other scholars[who?]

3 The programme asks consumers to ask themselves, "Why am I only paying £4 for a hand embroidered top?

5 Who made it for such little cost?

1 The Heian period (平安時代, Heian jidai?)

8 Heian (平安?)

2 As Darwin noted, "Firstly, why, if species have descended from other species by insensibly fine gradations, do we not everywhere see innumerable transitional forms?

3 Why is not all nature in confusion, instead of the species being, as we see them, well defined?"

2 He says, "What can be more curious than that the hand of a man, formed for grasping, that of a mole for digging, the leg of the horse, the paddle of the porpoise, and the wing of the bat, should all be constructed on the same pattern, and should include the same bones, in the same relative positions?"

3 While many conservative theologians accepted evolution, Charles Hodge argued in his 1874 critique "What is Darwinism?"

4 For if they do these things when the wood is green, what will happen when it is dry?"[Lk.

4 In recent times,[when?]

3 Eton has recently fostered[when?]

5 These include the recently[when?]

3 The number of vacant downtown buildings has dropped from nearly 50 to around 13.[when?]

9 Recently, as capitalism has spread throughout the world (a process called globalization), cultural studies has begun[when?]

2 The rule-of-law movement cannot be fully successful in transitional and developing countries without an answer to the question: does the rule of law matter for economic development or not?

1 In Book 11 of his Confessions, St. Augustine of Hippo ruminates on the nature of time, asking, "What then is time?

1 There is also a widespread view[vague][who?]

3 Bananas arrived in the region and added an important source of carbohydrates to the diet; they were also used in the production of alcoholic beverages.[when?]

1 According to the Omnipotence paradox or 'Paradox of the Stone', can God create a stone so heavy that he cannot lift it?

3 Many analysts[who?]

3 The United States was criticized by[according to whom?]

6 It was hoped[by whom?]

1 This led Popper to conclude that what were regarded[by whom?]

5 If so, then how is it that the growth of science appears to result in a growth in knowledge?

8 Why then should the Jewish myth be true and the Indian and Egyptian myths not be true?"

5 Does that mean we should throw it out?

3 They found that many thousands of genetic markers had to be used in order for the answer to the question "How often is a pair of individuals from one population genetically more dissimilar than two individuals chosen from two different populations?"

4 He asked, "If races don't exist, why are forensic anthropologists so good at identifying them?"

1 In Japanese, they are usually referred to as bushi (武士?, [bu.ɕi]) or buke (武家?).

2 (See Hideyoshi's invasions of Korea, Chōsen-seibatsu (朝鮮征伐?).

5 They still had the legal right to cut down any commoner who did not show proper respect kiri-sute gomen (斬り捨て御免?

1 Jan Joosten van Lodensteijn (1556?–1623?

2 A notable part of their code is seppuku (切腹, seppuku?)

4 Whilst there are many romanticized characterizations of samurai behavior such as the writing of Bushido (武士道, Bushidō?)

1 Just in the last two decades,[when?]

4 [according to whom?]

1 In Book 11 of St. Augustine's Confessions, he ruminates on the nature of time, asking, "What then is time?

5 During this time,[when?]

4 The HR[clarification needed] ministry of the government of India has recently[when?]

9 Less than two years into Kerry's term, the Foreign Policy Magazine's 2014 Ivory Tower survey of international relations scholars asked, "Who was the most effective U.S. Secretary of State in the past 50 years?

1 Rajasthan is[when?]

7 For McTaggart "philosophy can give us very little, if any, guidance in action... Why should a Hegelian citizen be surprised that his belief as to the organic nature of the Absolute does not help him in deciding how to vote?

8 Would a Hegelian engineer be reasonable in expecting that his belief that all matter is spirit should help him in planning a bridge?

3 and What Do You Care What Other People Think?

1 Feynman devoted the latter half of his book What Do You Care What Other People Think?

3 The student asks, well, what are Feynman's methods?

4 Where should this conversion take place and at what voltage and current (AC or DC) should the power flow to the locomotive?

5 And how does all this relate to energy-efficiency?

2 [unreliable source?]

3 Self-referentiality is evident in those passages where the Quran refers to itself as revelation (tanzil), remembrance (dhikr), news (naba'), criterion (furqan) in a self-designating manner (explicitly asserting its Divinity, "And this is a blessed Remembrance that We have sent down; so are you now denying it?

4 "), or in the frequent appearance of the "Say" tags, when Muhammad is commanded to speak (e.g., "Say: 'God's guidance is the true guidance' ", "Say: 'Would you then dispute with us concerning God?'

5 IMS is classified[by whom?]

5 Designing a good conceptual data model requires a good understanding of the application domain; it typically involves asking deep questions about the things of interest to an organisation, like "can a customer also be a supplier?

6 ", or "if a product is sold with two different forms of packaging, are those the same product or different products?

7 ", or "if a plane flies from New York to Dubai via Frankfurt, is that one flight or two (or maybe even three)?".

5 Both men and women's swim teams recently[when?]

3 Several Armenian officials have also expressed the desire for their country to eventually become an EU member state, some[who?]

6 Romans and Gauls continued to war intermittently in Italy for more than two centuries.[relevant?

8 The rhetorical works of Cicero are considered[by whom?]

1 Japan used the name Greater East Asia War (大東亜戦争, Dai Tō-A Sensō?

4 Japanese officials integrated what they called the Japan–China Incident (日支事変, Nisshi Jihen?)

2 Located adjacent to the Medical College of Virginia (MCV) Campus of Virginia Commonwealth University, the park currently[when?]

6 Most other connections to Megabus served cites, such as New York, can be made from Washington, D.C. Richmond, and the surrounding metropolitan area, was granted[when?]

2 In Japan, the system is called the Super Famicom (Japanese: スーパーファミコン, Hepburn: Sūpā Famikon?, officially adopting the abbreviated name of its predecessor, the Family Computer), or SFC for short.

1 The cartridge media of the console is officially referred to as Game Pak in most Western regions, and as Cassette (カセット, Kasetto?)

6 Bernard would seem to have been speaking of conception in the active sense of the mother's cooperation, for in his argument he says: "How can there be absence of sin where there is concupiscence (libido)?"

2 For example, it is used to distinguish between otherwise identical words, especially when context does not make it obvious: замо́к/за́мок (lock/castle), сто́ящий/стоя́щий (worthwhile/standing), чудно́/чу́дно (this is odd/this is marvelous), молоде́ц/мо́лодец (attaboy/fine young man), узна́ю/узнаю́ (I shall learn it/I recognize it), отреза́ть/отре́зать (to be cutting/to have cut); to indicate the proper pronunciation of uncommon words, especially personal and family names (афе́ра, гу́ру, Гарси́я, Оле́ша, Фе́рми), and to show which is the stressed word in a sentence (Ты́ съел печенье?/Ты съе́л печенье?/Ты съел пече́нье?

3 – Was it you who ate the cookie?/Did you eat the cookie?/Was it the cookie that you ate?).

5 In response, YouTube co-founder Jawed Karim posted the question "why the fuck do I need a google+ account to comment on a video?"

2 In 1773, Isaac Backus, a prominent Baptist minister in New England, wrote against a state sanctioned religion, saying: "Now who can hear Christ declare, that his kingdom is, not of this world, and yet believe that this blending of church and state together can be pleasing to him?"

3 His 1967 article analyzes the inaugural speech of John F. Kennedy: "Considering the separation of church and state, how is a president justified in using the word 'God' at all?

1 Perhaps the greatest question regarding the future development of transnational policing is: in whose interest is it?

4 Hunting advocates[who?]

6 Some environmentalists assert[who?]

2 Kathmandu exports handicrafts, artworks, garments, carpets, pashmina, paper; trade accounts for 21% of its finances.[which?]

7 In economic terms, the foreign exchange registered 3.8% of the GDP in 1995/96 but then started declining[why?].

da da
